README.md, before:

# Team3-workflow
sophiabonsu - contributor
darrenzhang2000 - contributor
nerouse - maintainer 

There was no problems in creating a read me file and there was no ambiguity. It took 5 minuntes to create this

Darren Zhang:
In doing step 3, I learned remotely add an upstream to same directory as my origin. I did not encounter any problems. 


sophiabonsu:
Step three was a little challenge because i didnt follow the directions properly. I cloned the repository into a parent folder instead of my team folder so it only showed the upstream  version without the origin. I learned how to update the url of the existing remote repository.

Nerouse:
We had no problems creating the readme file. With step 3 I had some difficulty because the was a problem with my machine but after I solved that, I remotely added an upstream. I encounted some trouble when I was trying to resolve issues. The first time I tried to solve the issue, I accidently named some files incorrectly and I ended up confusing myself. But after restarting and re reading the instructions I was able to solve the issues.

Commit message:

Start favorite_dance (#18)
* Start favorite_dance

* modified favorite songs to include popular dance

* dance update

README.md, after:

# Team3-workflow
sophiabonsu - contributor
darrenzhang2000 - contributor
nerouse - maintainer 

There was no problems in creating a read me file and there was no ambiguity. It took 5 minuntes to create this

Darren Zhang:
In doing step 3, I learned remotely add an upstream to same directory as my origin. I did not encounter any problems. 


sophiabonsu:
Step three was a little challenge because i didnt follow the directions properly. I cloned the repository into a parent folder instead of my team folder so it only showed the upstream  version without the origin. I learned how to update the url of the existing remote repository.
The workflow portion was overwhelming but incredibly useful. I opened an issue and  created a feature branch to work on the issue -adding dancestyles to favorite songs. 

Nerouse:
We had no problems creating the readme file. With step 3 I had some difficulty because the was a problem with my machine but after I solved that, I remotely added an upstream. I encounted some trouble when I was trying to resolve issues. The first time I tried to solve the issue, I accidently named some files incorrectly and I ended up confusing myself. But after restarting and re reading the instructions I was able to solve the issues.
